d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\App.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ViewPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.xr.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.exe
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.pdb
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.build.appxrecipe
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.exe
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.pdb
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ViewPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.xr.xml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.exe
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.exe
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\UnitsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ViewPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.xr.xml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.exe
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\UnitsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\UnitsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\UnitsPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\UnitsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.exe
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\UnitsPage1.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CalculatorPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CalculatorPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage1.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage1.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\UnitsPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\UnitsPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\UnitsPage1.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CalculatorPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\UnitsPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CalculatorPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\UnitsPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ViewPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage1.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\UnitsPage1.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage1.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\UnitsPage1.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\App.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AddMeterPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\CalculatorPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ForgotPasswordPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\HistoryPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\MainPage1.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\RemoveUserPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\UnitsPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\UnitsPage1.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ViewAppliances.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ViewPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.xr.xml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.exe
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.pdb
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.build.appxrecipe
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.exe
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.pdb
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ElectricityApp.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
D:\Mod\Documents\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
